Update information regarding VCS-ignorable directories (#5429)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/best_practices/version_control_systems.rst

Files to exclude from VCS
-------------------------

> There are some folders Godot creates which you should have your VCS ignore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some files and folders Godot automatically creates. You should add them to your VCS ignore:
```
